[Music]
one day the earth was divided into two
equal parts as a last resort to save the
planet one half was where people live
and the other was for nature
it seemed wildlife and plants were saved
but how did it change our civilization
as the legend goes after first dividing
the globe humanity realized the
environment was still in danger
everything they did in their part of the
world influenced the other and since
they kept burning fuel polluting the
atmosphere and throwing plastic into the
ocean wind and water currents spread
this poison all over the planet so they
built a huge wall to finish the job
the wall started deep underground and
soared high in the sky hundreds of years
have passed since the wall was completed
now nobody remembers when exactly the
builders as they're referred to put it
up the only thing we know crossing the
great separator is strictly prohibited
and since the wall isn't transparent no
one has any idea what's happening on the
other side a lack of free space on the
human half forced us to invent flying
cars and build cities vertically high
into the air and deep below the ground
natural foods have almost disappeared
because there's no territory or
conditions for agriculture scientists
have created artificial food not that
tasty or healthy but very cheap real
meat wheat vegetables and fruit have
become luxuries in this new world almost
all natural resources have run out
because of the overpopulation people are
still trying their best to save what
little nature we have on our side there
are waste recycling plants in every city
but they don't help much
Society has also divided itself into
social classes with the rich living in
the air cities and the middle class and
poor living on and
hello the ground but there's one thing
all these citizens have in common they
want to get to the other forbidden part
nobody knows how the planet has
transformed on the other side because no
one has ever been able to get there no
one except you you were born in a world
where half of it is a total mystery
every day mesmerised you watch all
documentaries and read about wildlife
you live near the wall and work at a
water purifying plant one day during
lunch break you go outside to stretch
your legs that's when you notice a
little green lizard it's the first time
in your life you've ever seen such a
creature it can't live on your side of
the planet because of the environmental
problems yet it can't be from the nature
side because of the huge wall in the way
unless an idea pops up in your mind
the lizard must have snuck in here from
the other side but it's impossible the
wall goes deep underground you watch the
thing rush toward the wall and scurry
into a little hole in the ground it
looks as if there's a passage somewhere
in the wall a passage leading to the
Otherworld
you start digging a tunnel in that place
hoping to find a hole in the wall you do
it at night and keep the whole thing a
secret if you get caught the
consequences will be dramatic you
finally find a passage you keep digging
and soon enough you're in before you can
see anything you hear the sound of birds
chirping you get out of the tunnel and
find yourself in the middle of a green
Glade
colorful flowers grow all over the place
and the air smells so fresh you see bees
and butterflies flying around off in the
distance there's an outline of an old
city the concrete jungle has long turned
into the real one with skyscrapers
covered in moss and vines roads lost in
thick grass and trees growing everywhere
it looks as if any human traces will
disappear completely in a few decades
naturally you decide to go check it out
on your way you notice that many animal
species endangered in the old world have
survived rhinos elephants and deer are
no longer threatened by poachers marine
inhabitants don't swallow plastic or get
stuck in fishing nets the planet's other
side looks like paradise but even in
such a breathtaking place you may be in
danger
you'll hear leaves rustling behind you
and then a grizzly bear those old nature
videos immediately flood your mind if
you've crossed paths with a brown bear
lie down on the ground and don't move
you do just with the host set and it
saves your life the bear loses interest
and moves on then you stumble across an
apple tree with ripe fruit on it you've
never tasted anything so delicious these
apples would cost hundreds for just one
on the other side of the wall you put a
couple in your pockets it's getting dark
and you see a stunning sky peppered with
stars in your city light pollution
doesn't let you enjoy such views now
you're in awe but your starry gaze is
interrupted by the sight of smoke
something's burning you run in that
direction and are almost knocked to your
feet by what you see lights all of the
sudden your phone starts buzzing and
vibrating it's connected to an unknown
Wi-Fi
work what you come closer and hear
voices and the sounds of music you hide
behind a bush and watch several people
having fun around a campfire the music
is coming from a speaker it's almost as
if a native tribe has just left the
jungle and started to discover the
benefits of civilization you later
learned that some isolated groups living
far from big cities didn't leave their
homes when the planet was divided in
half they didn't feel the need since
they never caused any harm to the
environment and now these small tribes
live in empty cities but how have they
managed to restore electricity and keep
the internet they'd need massive numbers
an entire workforce to maintain these
services there's something going on here
but before you can start coming up with
theories to explain this unexplainable
sight a bright spotlight from the
nearest building shines on you and an
alarm goes on you've been detected the
people around the fire rush to grab you
they shout something in a language you
don't understand and drag you somewhere
you try to break free but they are too
strong the group brings you to the top
floor of a skyscraper and leave you
alone in an empty room there's a
computer in the center of the room it
clicks on and startles you a pleasant
voice introduces itself as artificial
intelligence the voice tells you humans
created it centuries ago to help make
their lives easier but the AI learned to
study our species and at one point
realized we were the biggest danger to
earth it didn't get rid of humanity like
every sci-fi movie would have you assume
no it was the AI who decided to create
the wall and this plan worked thanks to
the divider nature started to recover
the voice offers you a
choice you can go back to your old life
in a dirty overpopulated city but with
your flying cars and modern conveniences
or you can start a new life here in a
clean beautiful but wild paradise what
will you choose sounds like an
interesting conversation to start down
in the comments and if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
just click to the left or right to check
out these other cool videos and remember
stay on the bright side of life